---
 thumbnail: '/images/portfolio/project-img-02.png'
 alt: 'Project Img'
 badgeTitle: 'Google Ad 1'
 title: 'B2B Custom Branding'
 description: "Amazon.com, Inc. is an American multinational technology company based in Seattle, Washington. It focuses on e-commerce, cloud computing, online advertising, and artificial intelligence."
---

The web is a dynamic and flexible platform that enables users to design, build, and launch websites without requiring coding skills. Its user-friendly interface, robust features, and adaptability have made it popular among designers, developers, and businesses alike.

### The Challenge

The client needed to scale monthly ad spend while maintaining profitability in online advertising. The primary goal was to break through a growth ceiling by increasing conversions and finding high-intent buyers without wasting advertising spend.


### How We Achieved the Results

$$$ Conversion Rate Optimisation (CRO)

What we did: Improved advertising communications.

The result: Our Conversion Rate nearly doubled (up 91%), jumping from 2.12% to 4.06%. This proved that the traffic we sent to the site was relevant.

$$$ High-Intent & Long-Tail Keyword Expansion

What we did: Revamped Keywords

The result: Even though impressions dropped, our Click-Through Rate (CTR) skyrocketed by 131%. This showed the new keywords were a perfect match for what customers were searching for. We generated 33% more clicks while spending slightly less per click. We ensured spending was focused entirely on high-value users, leading to a 57% increase in purchases.

$$$ Smart Bidding Implementation

What we did: We adjusted bids in real-time, focusing our budget on the auctions most likely to lead to a sale.

The result: The cost per conversion actually dropped by 7.8%, meaning we scaled up while getting more efficient.

### The Final Result

We generated 33% more clicks while spending slightly less per click. By blocking irrelevant searches, we ensured spending was focused entirely on high-value users, leading to 3,060 Purchases (a 57% increase).