---
 thumbnail: '/images/portfolio/project-img-02.png'
 alt: 'Project Img'
 badgeTitle: 'Meta Ads'
 title: 'B2B Custom Branding'
 description: "Amazon.com, Inc. is an American multinational technology company based in Seattle, Washington. It focuses on e-commerce, cloud computing, online advertising, and artificial intelligence."
---

The web is a dynamic and flexible platform that enables users to design, build, and launch websites without requiring coding skills. Its user-friendly interface, robust features, and adaptability have made it popular among designers, developers, and businesses alike.

### The Client's Concern

The client’s social media presence lacked reach and engagement and wasn’t effectively driving users back to the website


### How We Helped

We strengthened their social media presence and engagement by focusing on:

$$$ Visual Consistency

Improved content quality with stronger and engaging visual assets

$$$ Shift in Content Strategy

Reduced the focus on promotional content and introduced more value-led and educational posts

$$$ Audience-Focused Content

Aligned content with platform-specific audience statistics, ensuring the right audience connected well with the content.

Information Architecture (IA) ensures that digital environments are organized logically and navigable efficiently. By structuring content hierarchically and considering user goals and business needs, IA creates intuitive pathways for users to access information quickly.

### The Result 

We saw strong growth across both platforms, with reach and visibility increasing significantly year over year. Engagement improved across likes, comments, and shares, showing stronger audience interaction with the content. Views also grew substantially, reflecting stronger overall content performance.
